good morning we're two weeks away from
being out of our West Virginia rabbit
season we're out on the Hannah property
this morning six hundred acres were
polluted with rabbits
we've got Greg Hannah John marks his son
Jed myself and Mark on the camera we've
got four dogs Jenny easy Benny and
Ranger we have to move some rabbits
today and put some in or coach will be
back unless you know how it goes
Jed all right word of warning don't take
your off off your hours that guy there
it's got the let's see be the second guy
from the right there he's kind of
dangerous she has to watch him he's
right here set my next tree he's setting
there here come over here see him
sitting there you hit him in the back
end he's hit he went back out in front
of us
pistol shooting foe gin
that's nice rabbit good girl Jani good
girl
this is where you were training your dog
that time down on your hands and knees
lemon too late too late look at this
guy's
see what I mean about where you shoot
every time
hey to him that's good good shot I think
that red was still alive
[Applause]
[Music]
it's unreal can do this all day he saw
and he saw it
comeback point price for anything
ya know where you'll be on YouTube right
down the barrel so if it comes up here
it will it'll cross I don't have to come
this way B didn't cross the hoist head
[Music]
be very poor
I'm Betty whore he crossed a Betty
crossed while we were biessing here we
come down the road there they go see I
wish I could show that kind of stuff to
people because nobody's gonna watch dogs
barking there goes back to the left
right to the left about 20 25 yards in
there he's gonna pop out here somewhere
play same spot Iike mammoth or went in
[Applause]
thank you
he stopped right there thank watch out
hurry right there
Perry County watch that hole
watch our dogs are close I think he got
it I'll tell you what I'm proud of you
buddy
two for two there's nothing wrong with
that gun is running full speed after he
recovered fast that's all I can say
brain here Jenny green here brain here
Jen go Jen bring her girl good girl I
told Tyler I just go come right through
that opening that'll be your rabbit yeah
he's pretty good size in Iran were you
standing oh he was way back way back
yeah he's way back humble quit letting
people borrow that pissed right splice
now somebody's bar debt thing been two
for two with I like